# Podcast

## Immediate To Do

- [x]  Finish transcription
    - [x]  joey upload scrabble
    - [x]  find ET from 3/12
- [x]  Talk about organization (next week)
- [x]  Start reading
- [x]  Determine which sessions are worth saving
- [x]  sort files into scenes
- [x]  Go through zoom recorder (Joe)
- [x]  Look for the first half of Joey’s scrabble (Joe)
- [x]  Finish naming files (Joe)
- [x]  Clean up scene list (Tom)

**Sizzle**

- [x]  pull clips
    - [x]  guillaume (joe)
    - [ ]  randoms 1 (joe)
    - [x]  diceroll?
    - [x]  randoms 2
    - [x]  ashley
- [x]  listen to guillaume (tom)
- [x]  listen to chatroulette (tom)
- [x]  listen to randoms 1 (tom)
- [x]  Upload voicemails to the Google drive (Tom)
- [ ]  put all the clips in the same file (evan)
- [ ]  how long is the sizzle (everybody)
- [ ]  read script (everybody)
- [ ]  listen to dart throw (everybody)
- [ ]  decide which clips to keep
- [ ]  finalize scrip for the whole reel
- [ ]  recording the voice of god

**Episode 1**

- [ ]  pitches for episode 1 storyboard
- [ ]  reacquaint with audio
- [ ]  Where’s the rest of Guillaume with joey? (Tom)
- [ ]  Ask Guillaume for zoom recording (Tom)
- [ ]  writing ep 1
- [ ]  recording ep 1

**Long Term Work**

- [ ]  protocol review / writeup (joe)
- [ ]  Download backups (everyone)
- [ ]  look at sedona woo-woo fest schedule in Sedona (evan)
- [ ]  Save the good sessions (Tom)

- [ ]  Evan think about the quacks episode

plan:

- saturday: fix up script
- sat/sunday: choose clips

[9 Questions](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/9%20Questions%203cbb486dba4b4a9cac331c0f3869ca76.md)

[Sizzle Reel](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Sizzle%20Reel%20f3600ea7b1f94c33a617507475322814.md)

[All Todos](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Episodes%2012ed7165c7e348caba0893152ea76924/All%20Todos%2026ad4f4256664e258e016abed8e639ea.md)

[Scenes](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Scenes%20467698779b3d49aa94ffc3d3bae1bdbf.md)

---

[Episodes](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Episodes%2012ed7165c7e348caba0893152ea76924.md)

[potential interviews](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/potential%20interviews%20bcc28b1bbc7c48ef9b09747e180d2d95.md)

[Research ](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Research%208eedebc1d2d3439b8e5a86ccccd5b09a.md)

[File Organization Protocol](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/File%20Organization%20Protocol%2035f2a485e1d0457b9fd3a495f3297cc9.md)

## Side Projects

---

[Gmail credentials](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Gmail%20credentials%2057c538525b1c466cbefce6626ebf5a37.md)

## Misc

- [ ]  For syncing up multi source audio [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlIEbEibPFM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlIEbEibPFM)

## Minutes/Notes

# **Blurbs and Snippets**

[Short description](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Short%20description%20ce6cf1dcc3164aa3a5a900b6f313680c.md)

[Minutes/Notes/Archive](Podcast%20f5de68aef33d4ed1b5a3617225170218/Minutes%20Notes%20Archive%207eb418b9d8794014945974391d1ba617.md)

It's not anthropology, it's an embrace. 

What if we start with a synchronicity story. Everyone has a story like  this, except for us. Because I think they're bullshit. Lately I've been thinking about why. Why do sober people have stories like this and other people don't. Why do some people have religion crystal's etc and other people don't.

For me it starts when I was a kid. It's about control.

Synchronicity is something accessible so we started there. But we wanted to sound smart so we gocarl jeung, Jungian podcasters 

What if 

Some people say that the reason that women are way more into woo stuff is it's a reaction to a world where you're oppressed and don't have power. It's part of the reason men react so negatively that they don't want to admit that they're suffering, or that they don't have as much power as they think they do? And is it because this alternative form of meaning making is a threat to meaning making that fits into and reinforces a patriarchal capitalist framework?

string theory, not testable, so foreign to the average person it might as well be kaballah  

can we go to a aw where they’re testing ESP